then finger pod I have a walk scenes
with you it's it's not really an
unboxing because I've been ordered it
but my uncle he came here for a holiday
and he he ordered me let me pay 30
pounds on rent for my keyboard so that's
pretty cool
and me and my Nana came for a holiday so
and she bought it the stuff with her so
it's it's all in here
something weird bag
okay so firstly and this poster that's
really cool you'll get through this
this yeah I will stick his fellow yep
game there's a manual that's cool so I
tell all the stuff you can get it from
their website so first mini bully
snowball II Big Black River whole pitch
a sticker that's cool
wrinkly wheels smaller than wood and I
don't know what this is cold like you
can leave a comment down below and see
what they got please and small black
river and black river it's kind of like
a poster that's really small it sticker
but yep another one I don't know what
that's cool just leave a comment nice
long black river trucks another cool
picture one single bottom ruin my life
this small bowling wood piece of paper
yeah big foam wood that's cool
earned a big other one and picked up
with this stick is in the manual okay I
got a small kicker some kick it's got
nice sliders on the bottom there's no
bump at all yeah that's awesome
small kicker the left side oh and there
we go
box three I think
box three yeah that's really cool yeah
awesome bit of space to do manuals
yeah but that decide this is my favorite
line and the small mini rent picnic
table yep that's really cool so I kind
of bought these three because I can make
them line with it
so right because like I could have this
so I could have like they're all right
that kind of see it yeah you come up on
here and then you go right on there I
thought that'd be cool you know
something so that's really cool and
that's about it
about my